If you try your best or you follow the directions as good as you can,
then you have my word, you have nothing to worry about. If something
goes wrong, for instance, like, let's say that there's a piece of equipment
that doesn't work the right way and you can't complete your
mission, then, of course, they might say, "You know what, like, you
should have done more preventive maintenance on it or you should have
looked at it better", but no one's going to fault you for that. If
for instance, something else goes wrong that you tried your best to
complete and for some reason, it doesn't work out the way that you
expect, then you might get talked to, you might get, you know, because
the responsibility is there, someone has to blame someone and it
could be you but you won't get punished for it, which is something
that I'm very proud about for the Navy. They're not going to bash people
for doing quality work.